Hey guys, welcome to the course.
Welcome to the obligatory course overview lecture.
So the next minute or so I'm going to go over
what we cover in the course and in what order,
so you should know what to expect.
OK.
The way this works is pretty logical.
We start off with really small scale, manual effort,
low kind of return on effort opportunities, and then
we slowly transition across the course towards the
end, where we're focusing on long term, big picture
and potentially big return on investment opportunities.
In the first section, we're going to focus on catching
everyone up to speed, we're going to
cover some basic marketing concepts.
Mainly, we're going to focus on growth channels, also
known as traction channels, then we'll talk a little bit about
acquisition and saturation, and we'll talk a little bit
more about how the course is going to work. In
the next section, what we're going to do is we're going
to work on planning a strategy. Now, a strategy is meant
to work for you, who you are, what your business is,
what you're interested in, and it's going to help you
kind of figure out who your target market is going
to be. Now, that section is completely optional. If
you guys feel like you have a good idea of who your customer
is, you've already done, let's say, user personas, skip it.
Next section, what we do is called "Get your 10"
and that's where we're going to focus
on really, really manual effort,
easy to do strategies that potentially could work today
for you. And so we're going to focus on things like Twitter,
we're going to use community groups like Reddit,
we'll use Hacker News, we'll use Meetup, things like that.
Then what we do is we move on to "Get your 100,"
where we focus on, again, community groups,
but this time we're going to expand it to things like Product Hunt, we're going to use Hacker News, we're going to go back to Reddit,
and then we'll get into emerging platforms, then we're
going to do Instagram, then we're going to do Snapchat.
After that, we have a section called "Take a break."
That's where we take a break to make sure that everyone
is caught up to speed with how to use Google Analytics
or an analytics offer of your choice.
Just got to make sure that we're capturing all the
information we have and we understand how to analyze it.
Then, after that, we go into "Get your 500," where we
first start off with how to get press for your business,
then we move on to content marketing, we'll cover things like
guest blogging, writing your own posts, making microsites,
then we'll move on to video marketing, how to actually
make your first video and use that either as an
ad, or an explainer, or as anything, like a walkthrough,
as a complement to your content strategy.
Then we round out that section
with landing pages and lead magnets.
Then, the final section, what we do is SEO and SEM.
Those are the biggest, most time-heavy,
longest horizon type strategies,
and that's why we end with those.
OK, guys, I hope you're excited for this.
It's going to be a long journey, but at the end of it, trust me,
you're going to learn an enormous amount of information.
All right. Ready?
See you in the next lecture.